Now pinned projects, they're for me,
now I know I'm in a unique position,
I have projects that are actually being
used and that people are using today.
My rules for a pinned project is
project has to be operational,
as in,
it has to be running live somewhere or
someone can view it as a demo.
The markdown has to be manicured, right?
So when I say markdown has to be
manicured, if I go to this pin project,
I have everything, I have descriptions,
how to get started, pre-quisites.
How to install it, testing,
all of the things needed to
successfully run the project, right?
Also you can customize your pins,
you can add more,
I can add this one to it, right?
And then, there you go.
Now I have six with it,
which is the highest number you can go.
So now that I have this one,
and I have the OG course,
now I'm gonna use those
images from the OG course,
I will put them on this one, [LAUGH].
All right, yeah, so
that is how I always pin those.
Now for me, this is how,
when I look at things, this is how I like
having my view for my reviews and
stuff, because I'm senior and
I'm more on a conversational
level when it comes to things.
I've been in the tech industry for
a minute.
So, you can't tell the whole story
of my code just by contributions.
So when you're looking at,
I like this graph that shows, yeah,
I've been across three code spaces.
I've contributed to 33 repos, but
these are the ones I've contributed to the
most, where my commits and code reviews,
and issues and pull requests are going,
like, I'm pushing code.
So it looks,
50% of the time he's pushing code,
30% of the times he's doing code reviews.
So 80% of the time he's either pushing
code or reviewing somebody's code.
And then only 9% is pull requests,
that's because I'm writing code or
pushing code on somebody
else's branch versus mine, and
just showcase problems with solutions.
So 11% is issues, and I'm able to,
it gives my users, so
I give people that are reviewing my
stuff a more complete story versus,
hey, you only have 179
contributions in the last year.
Yeah, but that's because, I support almost
100 people a year in getting into tech and
stuff like that, right?
So that's where I am doing the shows,
the work that I've done.
I actually created this,
I wish I had time to show this,
but there's a copilot for PRs.
And it's amazing, I love it,
it automatically makes PRs for
you and
it answers all of your work and stuff.
But it shows the PRs I've created,
the issues I've created for people,
where I've done work and
where I have other open issues at, right?
So that is mine, in a nutshell,
it also shows on the far left, my website.
I usually use Vets Who Code,
because that's what I'm most known for,
where I'm located, and my Twitter handle.
Because that's where people used to find
me even though now I use LinkedIn a lot
more, so
that's where now you find me on LinkedIn.
I'm scrolling on LinkedIn or
Instagram all the time.
We've been seeing a marked
flip on Instagram or
read all my friends
achievements on LinkedIn.
It also has achievements like
Pair Extraordinaire, so, like I say,
I'm always pair programming with
people and coauthoring stuff.
Yolo, you want it, just merge it.
I've done it a time or two,
not proud of it, but I do it.
Starstruck, I created it for repos.
These are all things that GitHub puts on
it and it helps round out your brand,
right?
It's very cool, and
sometimes they do cool things like this
where the Arctic Code Vault contributor
program that they did where they
put your code in the Arctic Vault.
I have no idea what we're doing with code
in the Arctic Vault, because if the world
comes to that, no one's gonna be
worrying about what code is up there.
They're gonna be where are the seeds, sir?
Thank you.
And Pull Shark, cuz I've opened pull
requests that have been merged,
I don't know why they say that but I'm
bronze and silver now, I'm silver, yay,
okay, [LAUGH].
So that's essentially how
your profile should look.
Going back to a separate profile or
a separate repo,
your repos should be descriptive.
I don't believe in having repositories or
projects that have nothing on them,
right, especially if you're
trying to get a job.
You have to program, and do things
the way that you would do at work, right?
You would never have an empty read
me profile on a repo at work, right?
They will always have
how you run the project.
They would always have the code for
it and the information,
the things that they would
always do that at a job.
You wanna show that you're ready for
a job.
Especially if it's a pin repo,
a repo that you want them to look at,
you need to have it as if it's a repo for
a job, right?
That's where we have to start
thinking in concepts of,
from the point of view of, we're
doing our work now not just to learn,
we're doing our work now to obtain a goal,
right, which is to get a job, right?
It's a different type of coding,
a different type of pushing repos and
things of that nature.
We're not making repos just
to learn how to make a repo,
now we're making repos to showcase
our professionalism, right?
I wanna show another example
of a GitHub profile,
I've shown this before,
it's one of my favorites.
Adrian Grimm started learning
how to code when he was 45.
He is now a software engineer
at Methodist Le Bonheur,
he does programming and
makes products to help make the lives of
parents who have children who
are sick make their lives easier.
So that's what he does for a living now.
It is double whammy of pride for
me because that's one of the children's
hospitals in my hometown.
So to know that one of
my veteran students is
doing work that positively
impacts kids back
in my hometown, it's double swish for me.
My mom, she's uber proud,
like hey, yeah, [LAUGH].
But, as you see, he has his profile
picture, he doesn't smile, so
we asked him to put something
more friendly up there as well,
and so he had this GitHub octocat,
which has a Rolex on it.
Don't know why, and his pants is short and
long at the same time,
I can still see the octocat ankle,
but whatever.
He has these GIFs of his name, he has
all his information on how to reach him.
He has a hash flag.
He has these collapsible
information parts,
his pieces of code he's
writing that he's done.
His GitHub stats.
As I said, the dude is an animal.
He codes more than anybody in our work.
I'm like, nah, nah,
I have sleep to catch up on, man.
His trophy collection and
the languages and tools he uses.
As you see, he's kept his a lot
smaller and tighter than mine, but
he's also been coding professionally for
two, three years.
I know for a fact he's been on
the Ruby on Rails train, so
he's probably been doing
a lot more of that.
His pin projects,
he has his portfolio, and
he has this band that paid him to make,
it's weird,
I don't know what type,
it's like grunge but
Nordic grunge, and
this band is international.
And they saw his work and asked him to
do all their design and development.
And I have no idea what this stuff
is because, once again, I'm square.
So I was like, okay, the corny person in
me, I can figure out what you're doing.
And, of course,
his contribution lists over the last year.